---
page_title: "bastionzero_cluster_targets Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "target"
description: |-
  Get a list of all Cluster targets in your BastionZero organization.
---

# bastionzero_cluster_targets (Data Source)

Get a list of all Cluster targets in your BastionZero organization.

Note: You can use the [`bastionzero_cluster_target`](cluster_target) data source
to obtain metadata about a single Cluster target if you already know the `id` or
`name`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bastionzero_cluster_targets" "example" {}

# Create set of valid cluster users across all cluster targets
output "valid_cluster_users" {
  value = toset(flatten([
    for each in data.bastionzero_cluster_targets.example.targets
    : each.valid_cluster_users
  ]))
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated. Do not depend on this attribute. This attribute will be removed in the future.
- `targets` (Attributes List) List of Cluster targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Read-Only:

- `agent_public_key` (String) The target's backing agent's public key.
- `agent_version` (String) The target's backing agent's version.
- `control_channel` (Attributes) Information about the target's backing agent's currently active control channel. Null if the target has no active control channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--control_channel))
- `environment_id` (String) The target's environment's ID.
- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `last_agent_update` (String) The time this target's backing agent last had a transition change in status formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if there has not been a single transition change.
- `name` (String) The target's name.
- `region` (String) The BastionZero region that this target has connected to (follows same naming convention as AWS regions).
- `status` (String) The target's status (one of `NotActivated`, `Offline`, `Online`, `Terminated`, `Error`, or `Restarting`).
- `type` (String) The target's type (constant value `Bzero`).
- `valid_cluster_users` (Set of String) Set of Kubernetes user [subjects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#referring-to-subjects) that have been extracted from RoleBindings or ClusterRoleBindings defined in the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--targets--control_channel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.control_channel`

Read-Only:

- `connection_node_id` (String) The ID of the connection node that this control channel is connected to.
- `control_channel_id` (String) The control channel's unique ID.
- `end_time` (String) The time this control channel disconnected from the connection node formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if the control channel is still active.
- `start_time` (String) The time this control channel connected to the connection node formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format.