---
page_title: "bastionzero_cluster_target Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "target"
description: |-
  Get information about a specific Cluster target in your BastionZero organization.
  Specify exactly one of id or name. When specifying a name, an error is triggered if more than one Cluster target is found. This data source retries with exponential backoff (provide optional timeouts.read duration https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration to control how long to retry. Defaults to 15 minutes.) until the Cluster target is found. This is useful if there is a chance the target does not exist yet (e.g. the target is in the process of registering to BastionZero).
---

# bastionzero_cluster_target (Data Source)

Get information about a specific Cluster target in your BastionZero organization.

Specify exactly one of `id` or `name`. When specifying a `name`, an error is triggered if more than one Cluster target is found. This data source retries with exponential backoff (provide optional `timeouts.read` [duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) to control how long to retry. Defaults to 15 minutes.) until the Cluster target is found. This is useful if there is a chance the target does not exist yet (e.g. the target is in the process of registering to BastionZero).

## Example Usage

### Basic example

Get the Cluster target by ID:

```terraform
data "bastionzero_cluster_target" "example" {
  id = "<target-id>"
}
```

### Timeout example

Get the Cluster target by name and wait up to 30 seconds before failing if the target does not exist.

```terraform
data "bastionzero_cluster_target" "example" {
  name = "example-cluster"
  timeouts = {
    # Wait up to 30 seconds to find target with name "example-cluster"
    read = "30s"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The target's name.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `agent_public_key` (String) The target's backing agent's public key.
- `agent_version` (String) The target's backing agent's version.
- `control_channel` (Attributes) Information about the target's backing agent's currently active control channel. Null if the target has no active control channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--control_channel))
- `environment_id` (String) The target's environment's ID.
- `last_agent_update` (String) The time this target's backing agent last had a transition change in status formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if there has not been a single transition change.
- `region` (String) The BastionZero region that this target has connected to (follows same naming convention as AWS regions).
- `status` (String) The target's status (one of `NotActivated`, `Offline`, `Online`, `Terminated`, `Error`, or `Restarting`).
- `type` (String) The target's type (constant value `Bzero`).
- `valid_cluster_users` (Set of String) Set of Kubernetes user [subjects](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#referring-to-subjects) that have been extracted from RoleBindings or ClusterRoleBindings defined in the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--control_channel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `control_channel`

Read-Only:

- `connection_node_id` (String) The ID of the connection node that this control channel is connected to.
- `control_channel_id` (String) The control channel's unique ID.
- `end_time` (String) The time this control channel disconnected from the connection node formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if the control channel is still active.
- `start_time` (String) The time this control channel connected to the connection node formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format.