---
page_title: "bastionzero_db_targets Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "Target"
description: |-
  Get a list of all Db targets in your BastionZero organization.
---

# bastionzero_db_targets (Data Source)

Get a list of all Db targets in your BastionZero organization.

-> **Note** You can use the [`bastionzero_db_target`](db_target) data source to
obtain metadata about a single Db target if you already know the `id`.

## Example Usage

### Basic example

```terraform
data "bastionzero_db_targets" "example" {}

# Find all Db targets with remote port 5432
output "psql_targets" {
  value = [
    for each in data.bastionzero_db_targets.example.targets
    : each if each.remote_port == 5432
  ]
}
```

### Get the target by name

```terraform
# Using Terraform >= 1.x syntax

data "bastionzero_db_targets" "example" {}

# Find target with specific name. `db_target` is null if not found.
output "db_target" {
  value = one([
    for each in data.bastionzero_db_targets.example.targets
    : each if each.name == "example-target"
  ])
}
```

### Group Db targets with same proxy target

```terraform
data "bastionzero_db_targets" "example" {}

# Group Db targets with same proxy target
output "db_targets_by_proxy_target" {
  value = {
    for each in data.bastionzero_db_targets.example.targets
    : each.proxy_target_id => { id = each.id, name = each.name }...
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated. Do not depend on this attribute. This attribute will be removed in the future.
- `targets` (Attributes List) List of Db targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Read-Only:

- `agent_public_key` (String) The target's proxy agent's public key.
- `agent_version` (String) The target's proxy agent's version.
- `database_authentication_config` (Attributes) Information about the db target's database authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets--database_authentication_config))
- `database_type` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated. The database's type. Can be null if this Db target does not have the split cert feature enabled (see `is_split_cert`).
- `environment_id` (String) The target's environment's ID.
- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `is_split_cert` (Boolean, Deprecated) Deprecated. If `true`, this Db target has the split cert feature enabled; `false` otherwise.
- `last_agent_update` (String) The time this target's proxy agent last had a transition change in status formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if there has not been a single transition change.
- `local_port` (Number) The port of the Db daemon's localhost server that is spawned on the user's machine on connect. Null if not configured.
- `name` (String) The target's name.
- `proxy_environment_id` (String) The target's proxy environment's ID (ID of the backing proxy environment).
- `proxy_target_id` (String) The target's proxy target's ID (ID of a [Bzero](bzero_target) or [Cluster](cluster_target) target).
- `region` (String) The BastionZero region that this target has connected to (follows same naming convention as AWS regions).
- `remote_host` (String) The target's hostname or IP address.
- `remote_port` (Number) The port of the Db server accessible via the target.
- `status` (String) The target's status (one of `NotActivated`, `Offline`, `Online`, `Terminated`, `Error`, or `Restarting`).
- `type` (String) The target's type (constant value `Db`).

<a id="nestedatt--targets--database_authentication_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets.database_authentication_config`

Read-Only:

- `authentication_type` (String) The type of authentication used when connecting to the database.
- `cloud_service_provider` (String) Cloud service provider hosting the database. Only used for certain types of authentication, such as `ServiceAccountInjection`.
- `database` (String) The type of database running on the target.
- `label` (String) User-friendly label for this database authentication configuration.