---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bastionzero_db_target Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Get information about a specific Db target in your BastionZero organization.
---

# bastionzero_db_target (Data Source)

Get information about a specific Db target in your BastionZero organization.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.

### Read-Only

- `agent_public_key` (String) The target's backing agent's public key.
- `agent_version` (String) The target's backing agent's version.
- `database_type` (String) The database's type. Can be null if this Db target does not have the split cert feature enabled (see `is_split_cert`).
- `environment_id` (String) The target's environment's ID.
- `is_split_cert` (Boolean) If true, this Db target has the split cert feature enabled. False otherwise.
- `last_agent_update` (String) The time this target's backing agent last had a transition change in status formatted as a UTC timestamp string in RFC 3339 format. Null if there has not been a single transition change.
- `local_port` (Number) The port of the Db daemon's localhost server that is spawned on the user's machine on connect. Null if not configured.
- `name` (String) The target's name.
- `proxy_target_id` (String) The target's proxy target's ID.
- `region` (String) The BastionZero region that this target has connected to (follows same naming convention as AWS regions).
- `remote_host` (String) The target's hostname or IP address.
- `remote_port` (Number) The port of the Db server accessible via the target.
- `status` (String) The target's status (one of "NotActivated", "Offline", "Online", "Terminated", "Error", or "Restarting").
- `type` (String) The target's type (constant value "Db").


