---
page_title: "bastionzero_jit_policies Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "Policy"
description: |-
  Get a list of all JIT policies in your BastionZero organization. A JIT policy provides just in time access to targets.
---

# bastionzero_jit_policies (Data Source)

Get a list of all JIT policies in your BastionZero organization. A JIT policy provides just in time access to targets.

This data source is useful if the policies in question are not managed by
Terraform, or you need to utilize any of the policies' data.

-> **Note** You can use the [`bastionzero_jit_policy`](jit_policy) data source
to obtain metadata about a single policy if you already know the `id`.

## Example Usage

### Basic example

```terraform
data "bastionzero_jit_policies" "example" {}

# Find all JIT policies whose durations provide just in time access greater than
# 1 hour.
output "large_durations" {
  value = [
    for each in data.bastionzero_jit_policies.example.policies
    : each if each.duration > 60
  ]
}
```

### Get the policy by name

```terraform
# Using Terraform >= 1.x syntax

data "bastionzero_jit_policies" "example" {}

# Find policy with specific name. `policy` is null if not found.
output "policy" {
  value = one([
    for each in data.bastionzero_jit_policies.example.policies
    : each if each.name == "example-policy"
  ])
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter_groups` (Set of String) Filters the list of policies to only those that contain the provided group ID(s).
- `filter_subjects` (Set of String) Filters the list of policies to only those that contain the provided subject ID(s). The IDs must correspond to subjects that exist in your organization otherwise an error is returned.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated. Do not depend on this attribute. This attribute will be removed in the future.
- `policies` (Attributes List) List of JIT policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `auto_approved` (Boolean) If `true`, then the policies created by this JIT policy will be automatically approved. If `false`, then policies will only be created based on request and approval from reviewers (Defaults to `false`).
- `child_policies` (Attributes Set) Set of policies that a JIT policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--child_policies))
- `description` (String) The policy's description.
- `duration` (Number) The amount of time (in minutes) after which the access granted by this JIT policy will expire (Defaults to `60` minutes).
- `groups` (Attributes Set) Set of Identity Provider (IdP) groups that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--groups))
- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The policy's name.
- `subjects` (Attributes Set) Set of subjects that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--subjects))
- `type` (String) The policy's type (constant value `JustInTime`).

<a id="nestedatt--policies--child_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.child_policies`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The policy's name.
- `type` (String) The policy's type (one of `TargetConnect`, `Kubernetes`, or `Proxy`).


<a id="nestedatt--policies--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The group's name.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.subjects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The subject's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (one of `User`, `ApiKey`, or `ServiceAccount`).