---
page_title: "bastionzero_kubernetes_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "policy"
description: |-
  Get information on a BastionZero Kubernetes policy. A Kubernetes policy provides access to Cluster targets.
---

# bastionzero_kubernetes_policy (Data Source)

Get information on a BastionZero Kubernetes policy. A Kubernetes policy provides access to `Cluster` targets.

This is useful if the policy in question is not managed by Terraform, or
you need to utilize any of the policy's data.

## Example Usage

Get the policy by ID:

```terraform
data "bastionzero_kubernetes_policy" "example" {
  id = "<policy-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.

### Read-Only

- `cluster_groups` (Set of String) Set of Kubernetes RBAC subject group names that this policy applies to. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#referring-to-subjects for more details.
- `cluster_users` (Set of String) Set of Kubernetes RBAC subject usernames that this policy applies to. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#referring-to-subjects for more details.
- `clusters` (Set of String) Set of Cluster target ID(s) that this policy applies to.
- `description` (String) The policy's description.
- `environments` (Set of String) Set of environments that this policy applies to.
- `groups` (Attributes Set) Set of Identity Provider (IdP) groups that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `name` (String) The policy's name.
- `subjects` (Attributes Set) Set of subjects that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))
- `type` (String) The policy's type (constant value "Kubernetes").

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The group's name.


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The subject's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (one of "User", "ApiKey", or "ServiceAccount").