---
page_title: "bastionzero_proxy_policy Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "policy"
description: |-
  Get information on a BastionZero proxy policy. A proxy policy provides access to Db and Web targets.
---

# bastionzero_proxy_policy (Data Source)

Get information on a BastionZero proxy policy. A proxy policy provides access to `Db` and `Web` targets.

This is useful if the policy in question is not managed by Terraform, or you
need to utilize any of the policy's data.

## Example Usage

Get the policy by ID:

```terraform
data "bastionzero_proxy_policy" "example" {
  id = "<policy-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The policy's description.
- `environments` (Set of String) Set of environments that this policy applies to.
- `groups` (Attributes Set) Set of Identity Provider (IdP) groups that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `name` (String) The policy's name.
- `subjects` (Attributes Set) Set of subjects that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))
- `target_users` (Set of String) Set of Database usernames that this policy applies to. These usernames only affect policy decisions involving Db targets that have the SplitCert feature enabled.
- `targets` (Attributes Set) Set of targets that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))
- `type` (String) The policy's type (constant value `Proxy`).

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The group's name.


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The subject's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (one of `User`, `ApiKey`, or `ServiceAccount`).


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The target's type (one of `Db`, or `Web`).