---
page_title: "bastionzero_service_account Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "Service Account"
description: |-
  Get information on a service account in your BastionZero organization. A service account is a Google, Azure, or generic service account that integrates with BastionZero by sharing its JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) URL. The headless authentication closely follows the OpenID Connect (OIDC) protocol.
---

# bastionzero_service_account (Data Source)

Get information on a service account in your BastionZero organization. A service account is a Google, Azure, or generic service account that integrates with BastionZero by sharing its JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) URL. The headless authentication closely follows the OpenID Connect (OIDC) protocol.

See the [Service Accounts
Management](https://docs.bastionzero.com/docs/admin-guide/authentication/service-accounts-management)
guide to learn how to configure service accounts with BastionZero.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "bastionzero_service_account" "example" {
  id = "<service-account-id>"
}

# Output this service account's JWKS URL 
output "example_env_targets" {
  value = data.bastionzero_service_account.example.jwks_url
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The service account's unique ID.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) Unique identifier for the subject that created this service account.
- `email` (String) The service account's email address.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, the service account is currently enabled. False otherwise.
- `external_id` (String) The service account's unique per service provider identifier provided by the user during creation.
- `is_admin` (Boolean) If true, the service account is an administrator. False otherwise.
- `jwks_url` (String) The service account's publicly available JWKS URL that provides the public key that can be used to verify the tokens signed by the private key of this service account.
- `jwks_url_pattern` (String) A URL pattern that all service accounts of the same service account provider follow in their JWKS URL.
- `last_login` (String) The time this service account last logged into BastionZero formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if the service account has never logged in.
- `organization_id` (String) The service account's organization's ID.
- `time_created` (String) The time this service account was created in BastionZero formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (constant value `ServiceAccount`).