---
page_title: "bastionzero_targetconnect_policies Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "policy"
description: |-
  Get a list of all target connect policies in your BastionZero organization. A target connect policy provides access to Bzero and DynamicAccessConfig targets.
---

# bastionzero_targetconnect_policies (Data Source)

Get a list of all target connect policies in your BastionZero organization. A target connect policy provides access to `Bzero` and `DynamicAccessConfig` targets.

This data source is useful if the policies in question are not managed by
Terraform, or you need to utilize any of the policies' data.

Note: You can use the [`bastionzero_targetconnect_policy`](targetconnect_policy)
data source to obtain metadata about a single policy if you already know the
`id`.

## Example Usage

### Basic example

```terraform
data "bastionzero_targetconnect_policies" "example" {}

# Find all target connect policies whose lists of target users contain "root"
output "sudo_policies" {
  value = [
    for each in data.bastionzero_targetconnect_policies.example.policies
    : each if contains(each.target_users, "root")
  ]
}
```

### Get the policy by name

```terraform
# Using Terraform >= 1.x syntax

data "bastionzero_targetconnect_policies" "example" {}

# Find policy with specific name. `policy` is null if not found.
output "policy" {
  value = one([
    for each in data.bastionzero_targetconnect_policies.example.policies
    : each if each.name == "example-policy"
  ])
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter_groups` (Set of String) Filters the list of policies to only those that contain the provided group ID(s).
- `filter_subjects` (Set of String) Filters the list of policies to only those that contain the provided subject ID(s). The IDs must correspond to subjects that exist in your organization otherwise an error is returned.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) Deprecated. Do not depend on this attribute. This attribute will be removed in the future.
- `policies` (Attributes List) List of target connect policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The policy's description.
- `environments` (Set of String) Set of environments that this policy applies to.
- `groups` (Attributes Set) Set of Identity Provider (IdP) groups that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--groups))
- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The policy's name.
- `subjects` (Attributes Set) Set of subjects that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--subjects))
- `target_users` (Set of String) Set of Unix usernames that this policy applies to.
- `targets` (Attributes Set) Set of targets that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--targets))
- `type` (String) The policy's type (constant value `TargetConnect`).
- `verbs` (Set of String) Set of actions allowed by this policy (one of `Shell`, `FileTransfer`, or `Tunnel`).

<a id="nestedatt--policies--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The group's name.


<a id="nestedatt--policies--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.subjects`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The subject's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (one of `User`, `ApiKey`, or `ServiceAccount`).


<a id="nestedatt--policies--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.targets`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The target's type (one of `Bzero`, or `DynamicAccessConfig`).