---
page_title: "bastionzero_web_target Data Source - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: "target"
description: |-
  Get information about a specific Web target in your BastionZero organization.
---

# bastionzero_web_target (Data Source)

Get information about a specific Web target in your BastionZero organization.

## Example Usage

Get the target by ID:

```terraform
data "bastionzero_web_target" "example" {
  id = "<target-id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.

### Read-Only

- `agent_public_key` (String) The target's backing agent's public key.
- `agent_version` (String) The target's backing agent's version.
- `environment_id` (String) The target's environment's ID.
- `last_agent_update` (String) The time this target's backing agent last had a transition change in status formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if there has not been a single transition change.
- `local_port` (Number) The port of the Web daemon's localhost server that is spawned on the user's machine on connect. Null if not configured.
- `name` (String) The target's name.
- `proxy_target_id` (String) The target's proxy target's ID (ID of a [Bzero](#bzero_target) or [Cluster](#cluster_target) target).
- `region` (String) The BastionZero region that this target has connected to (follows same naming convention as AWS regions).
- `remote_host` (String) The target's hostname or IP address.
- `remote_port` (Number) The port of the Web server accessible via the target.
- `status` (String) The target's status (one of `NotActivated`, `Offline`, `Online`, `Terminated`, `Error`, or `Restarting`).
- `type` (String) The target's type (constant value `Web`).