---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bastionzero_db_target Resource - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a BastionZero database target. Database targets configure remote access to database servers running on Bzero bzero_target targets or Cluster cluster_target targets.
---

# bastionzero_db_target (Resource)

Provides a BastionZero database target. Database targets configure remote access to database servers running on [Bzero](bzero_target) targets or [Cluster](cluster_target) targets.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The target's environment's ID.
- `name` (String) The target's name.
- `proxy_target_id` (String) The target's proxy target's ID (ID of a [Bzero](bzero_target) or [Cluster](cluster_target) target).
- `remote_host` (String) The target's hostname or IP address.
- `remote_port` (Number) The port of the Db server accessible via the target. This field is required for all databases; however, if `database_authentication_config.cloud_service_provider` is equal to `GCP`, then the value will be ignored when connecting to the database.

### Optional

- `database_authentication_config` (Attributes) Information about the db target's database authentication configuration. If this attribute is left unconfigured, the target is configured with the default, non-passwordless database configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_authentication_config))
- `local_port` (Number) The port of the Db daemon's localhost server that is spawned on the user's machine on connect. If this attribute is left unconfigured, an available port will be chosen when the target is connected to.

### Read-Only

- `agent_public_key` (String) The target's proxy agent's public key.
- `agent_version` (String) The target's proxy agent's version.
- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `last_agent_update` (String) The time this target's proxy agent last had a transition change in status formatted as a UTC timestamp string in [RFC 3339](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc3339) format. Null if there has not been a single transition change.
- `region` (String) The BastionZero region that this target has connected to (follows same naming convention as AWS regions).
- `status` (String) The target's status (one of `NotActivated`, `Offline`, `Online`, `Terminated`, `Error`, or `Restarting`).
- `type` (String) The target's type (constant value `Db`).

<a id="nestedatt--database_authentication_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_authentication_config`

Required:

- `authentication_type` (String) The type of authentication used when connecting to the database (one of `Default`, `SplitCert`, or `ServiceAccountInjection`).

Optional:

- `cloud_service_provider` (String) Cloud service provider hosting the database (one of `AWS`, or `GCP`). Only used for certain types of authentication (`authentication_type`), such as `ServiceAccountInjection`.
- `database` (String) The type of database running on the target (one of `CockroachDB`, `MicrosoftSQLServer`, `MongoDB`, `MySQL`, or `Postgres`).
- `label` (String) User-friendly label for this database authentication configuration.
