---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bastionzero_jit_policy Resource - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a BastionZero JIT policy. JIT policies provide just in time access to targets.
  !> A JIT policy's child_policies can only refer to policies of the following types: TargetConnect, Kubernetes, Proxy. If any of the referenced policies are not of the valid type, then an error is returned when creating/updating the JIT policy.
---

# bastionzero_jit_policy (Resource)

Provides a BastionZero JIT policy. JIT policies provide just in time access to targets.

!> A JIT policy's `child_policies` can only refer to policies of the following types: TargetConnect, Kubernetes, Proxy. If any of the referenced policies are not of the valid type, then an error is returned when creating/updating the JIT policy.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `child_policies` (Attributes Set) Set of policies that a JIT policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--child_policies))
- `name` (String) The policy's name.

### Optional

- `auto_approved` (Boolean) If true, then the policies created by this JIT policy will be automatically approved. If false, then policies will only be created based on request and approval from reviewers (Defaults to false).
- `description` (String) The policy's description.
- `duration` (Number) The amount of time (in minutes) after which the access granted by this JIT policy will expire (Defaults to 1 hour).
- `groups` (Attributes Set) Set of Identity Provider (IdP) groups that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `subjects` (Attributes Set) Set of subjects that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The policy's type (constant value "JustInTime").

<a id="nestedatt--child_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `child_policies`

Required:

- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The policy's name.
- `type` (String) The policy's type (one of "TargetConnect", "Kubernetes", or "Proxy").


<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) The group's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The group's name.


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Required:

- `id` (String) The subject's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (one of "User", "ApiKey", or "ServiceAccount").


