---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bastionzero_proxy_policy Resource - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a BastionZero proxy policy. Proxy policies provide access to Db and Web targets.
---

# bastionzero_proxy_policy (Resource)

Provides a BastionZero proxy policy. Proxy policies provide access to Db and Web targets.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The policy's name.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The policy's description.
- `environments` (Set of String) Set of environments that this policy applies to.
- `groups` (Attributes Set) Set of IdP groups that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `subjects` (Attributes Set) Set of subjects that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))
- `target_users` (Set of String) Set of Database usernames that this policy applies to. These usernames only affect policy decisions involving Db targets that have the SplitCert feature enabled.
- `targets` (Attributes Set) Set of targets that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The policy's type (constant value "Proxy").

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) The group's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The group's name.


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Required:

- `id` (String) The subject's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (one of "User", "ApiKey", or "ServiceAccount").


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Required:

- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The target's type (one of "Db", or "Web").


