---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bastionzero_targetconnect_policy Resource - terraform-provider-bastionzero"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a BastionZero target connect policy. Target connect policies provide access to Bzero and DynamicAccessConfig targets.
---

# bastionzero_targetconnect_policy (Resource)

Provides a BastionZero target connect policy. Target connect policies provide access to Bzero and DynamicAccessConfig targets.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The policy's name.
- `target_users` (Set of String) Set of Unix usernames that this policy applies to.
- `verbs` (Set of String) Set of actions allowed by this policy (one of `Shell`, `FileTransfer`, or `Tunnel`).

### Optional

- `description` (String) The policy's description.
- `environments` (Set of String) Set of environments that this policy applies to.
- `groups` (Attributes Set) Set of Identity Provider (IdP) groups that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `subjects` (Attributes Set) Set of subjects that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subjects))
- `targets` (Attributes Set) Set of targets that this policy applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--targets))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The policy's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The policy's type (constant value "TargetConnect").

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Required:

- `id` (String) The group's unique ID.
- `name` (String) The group's name.


<a id="nestedatt--subjects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subjects`

Required:

- `id` (String) The subject's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The subject's type (one of `User`, `ApiKey`, or `ServiceAccount`).


<a id="nestedatt--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Required:

- `id` (String) The target's unique ID.
- `type` (String) The target's type (one of `Bzero`, or `DynamicAccessConfig`).


